all right make an update video real
quick I have made many videos lately but
I'm just been real busy so I'll just go
through everything again is my whole
place everything yeah very
it's almost crap in here but uh my
diorama my other one I don't use this
one really at all I just it's got some
machine set in there there's supposed to
be like the end of the day or whatever I
don't know I'll park though I'll
eventually start working on that more
I'm not sure which one I want to take a
DHS this one or my other one mind up and
then taking both you know I don't know
what I'm gonna do so that's that one
it's got some crap boxes there for
shipping and stuff cement some dirt
that's my model table some good models
got some like bobcat view a bobcat stuff
more boxes for models and for been
in crap and some shelves with some
models that are just models they're some
building materials they're a lot of
plaster updos you see I'm starting to
build more stuff with that but you'll
see there's there's some weathering pens
back there and ville I use that for
bending breasts my 5110 boom for uhd
some grapples and some pulverizers and
hammers and other attachments and quick
couplers that I've bought a while back
that haven't just really scattered tools
and crap attachments they're resin stuff
there's I mean there's there's like 3:30
States 3:30 cab 325 L stick 3:30
carriage and then I got more stuff just
paperwork that I do fun stuff stuff I
gotta put away like drill bits I'm too
lazy to put the stuff away I haven't
done that I haven't had time someone
wanted to see all those parts you know
yeah I got a lot uh I'll make a video
one of these days of going through
everything but here's like a 450 it's
beat to hell I mean
it's missing a track you know yeah I
mean there's like 295 for D not have 450
back there over there
PC 210 completely stripped I mean I got
a lot of stuff like look at this 365 CL
missing everything
it's all black spray-paint I don't know
385 can't roll where 215 track 52 a d-10
and looked like a weird orange let's
neon that's not even cool I don't know
some more tape
you got boxes here stuff 325 boxes sand
papers and I just remembered that I
bought like 15,000 different kinds of
sand papers like not even kidding like
look I bought like 30 different kinds
just to test them out see which ones
where it's good oh so that's then I got
dremel kit more boxes some wire cutting
stuff more cords resin crap aboard for
mixing more plastic stuff I bought today
in there
sand different pictures there of models
three paints more tools my radio speaker
speaker over there this is just I gotta
clean yourself one day look look at how
much junk is under there garbage box
ladies there's some more junk that's
under there some sprays and stuff model
table show you some models real quick
650 I just finished up all completely
weathered it's got raps on it very cool
very very very cool load on a beaver
tail trailer that's very neat I like it
a lot
weathered the whole thing will
telehandler international dump truck
getting dusty 3:30 forestry royal
through 30 road builder I changed it
from that grapple to the
I'm just waiting for the one piece for
the thumb so dry the one piece that goes
up here the amount I got up to 379
radish for axle trailer flip for 16 for
70 Mac our 600 dump truck I'm thinking
about something coming up with that not
tearing it apart but I think I got
something maybe coming for that Mac it's
bit pricey but you guys just watch out
for maybe a video coming soon
I Grove rt5 for TE 5110 where I put back
together cuz I've been waiting seven
months on backorder for my Hitachi 350
and you know I don't think it's gonna
call her 966 f forgot a cap back o 330
deal with she rats a she's a beauty I
love with 330 with this year you just
see how nice that looks that looks just
off awesome it's got a really nice range
of movement to as you see I mean it's
awesome
I gotta get a cab guard for that and I
might sell that you know I never know I
end up selling something about myself
325 which I will never ever sell hello
dusty well my favorite piece is my
collection pad on my favorite and I
don't do anything I don't take the
bucket off that's staying completely
it'll probably yeah I'll probably
eventually change it
9:54 with this red shear on it looks I
like the look of a shear on it I really
don't like that crush or attachment I
mean it's nice but you know this looks
really cool thing 98 eg with Forks you
box back there and the other 954 boom
722 ly bear and that's about this on
this table here so we're gonna take a
walk out here out of this door and you
walk out here you're gonna see some more
diorama materials bucket there and stuff
you'll hit up my diorama right here I'll
put up those videos I'm gonna have some
more pictures comments and I got some
more machines coming so I'm gonna put
them in here but uh that water towers
gonna be awesome when I take that down
this building is gonna stay here these
two are coming down I'll see ya so I
don't know he's got some Hummers in
there now I found some homers they're
pretty close to 150th
will do see ya thanks for watching
everybody stay tuned for some more and
here's these two buckets I picked up a
while ago or plate packer and a Falco
betting book and I got one more bucket
coming so stay tuned guys for some more
videos things